Get pregenerated maps and routing files here:
http://wahoomaps.higli.de/

1-Sept-2024 
Added new routing files on the OneDrive (link at the top)

24-Aug-2024 v1.0.0
Well there have been a lot of changes before this point but as there has never been a changelog before lets call it v1.0.0 ;-)
Did a new run of all maps excluding Antarctica atm because it will not run correctly.
New is that for Europe the elevation data used for the creation of the contour lines is using Sonny's Lidarr data which as far as I know is the most accurate out there. 
If somebody knows better please let me know! By posting in the telegram group: https://t.me/+Mor244hPZw85YTVk
The elevation for the rest of the world is made from the same data as Wahoo uses for the elevation profile in the routing tiles.
Wahoo uses Valhalla which uses this data https://registry.opendata.aws/terrain-tiles/ 
Haven't got a clue as to how complete or accurate it is, but it seemed a good choise seeing that this is the the same data Wahoo uses.
The only exception to this is about 50-100 tiles of north america which will not render with this data. Here I used view3 from:
https://viewfinderpanoramas.org/dem3.html

Also new is the highlighting of bicycle and mtb routes on the map!
Sounds so simple in a single line but it took a lot of time to get there!
At the moment this is only working with my VTM-Bold and Roam 2 theme in the sample themes folder.
Routes will show up in pink. Sorry, if you don't like the colour just change it in the theme ;-)
I can't even use it myself because I'm still on the b/w bolt 1 but at the least I see it as a way to show a prefered route to use as the 
routes are normally safer/more touristic/quiter etc etc. Use it, don't use it, like it not, let me know in the telegram group above!
 
Request: If you do like my work (the pre-maps and or theme's) please, pretty pleasy let the world know! 
The more comments or other evidence of them being used I get the more motivation I have to keep doing this!!!   